<http://www.slf4j.org/>

SLF4J Project

Introduction <http://www.slf4j.org/index.html>News
<http://www.slf4j.org/news.html>Documentation
<http://www.slf4j.org/docs.html>License
<http://www.slf4j.org/license.html>Download
<http://www.slf4j.org/download.html>Source Repository
<http://www.slf4j.org/svn.html>Mailing Lists
<http://www.slf4j.org/mailing-lists.html>Bug Reporting
<http://www.slf4j.org/bug-reporting.html>

Native implementations
  SLF4J License

SLF4J source code and binaries are distributed under the following license.

Copyright (c) 2004-2008 QOS.ch All rights reserved. Permission is hereby
granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software
and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the
Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above
copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
"AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

These terms are /identical/ to those of the MIT License
<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License>, also called the X License or
the X11 License, which is a simple, permissive non-copyleft free
software license. It is deemed compatible with virtually all types of
licenses, commercial or otherwise. In particular, the Free Software
Foundation has declared it compatible with GNU GPL
<http://www.fsf.org/licensing/licenses/license-list.html#GPLCompatibleLicenses>.
It is also known to be approved by the Apache Software Foundation as
compatible with Apache Software License <http://www.apache.org/licenses/>.

